applications: nrf_desktop: enable encryption for mcumgr smp service (#17764)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    Removed the ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_HWINFO_BLE_ADDRESS_FICR_POSTFIX`` Kconfig option as a postfix constant is no longer needed for the Zephyr native driver.
    The driver uses ``BLE.ADDR``, ``BLE.IR``, and ``BLE.ER`` fields of the Factory Information Configuration Registers (FICR) to provide 8 bytes of unique hardware ID.
  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr` to recognize the MCUmgr custom group ID (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MGMT_GROUP_ID_SUIT`) from the SUITFU subsystem (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MGMT_SUITFU`) as a DFU-related command group.

>   * All build configurations with the DFU over MCUmgr support to require encryption for operations on the Bluetooth SMP service (see the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_TRANSPORT_BT_PERM_RW_ENCRYPT`Kconfig option).

Reviewer: Seems that space is missing before `Kconfig option` term

>   * All build configurations with the DFU over MCUmgr support to require encryption for operations on the Bluetooth SMP service (see the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_TRANSPORT_BT_PERM_RW_ENCRYPT`Kconfig option).

Reviewer: Consider calling it `Bluetooth GATT SMP Service` (SMP term has another meaning for Bluetooth)

>     Unpaired Bluetooth peers should now perform the Bluetooth pairing procedure before the DFU operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The Bluetooth pairing procedure of the unpaired Bluetooth peers must now be performed before the DFU operation.
```
